day-06/README.md, before:

# Day 06 - 40 Days of JavaScript

## **🎯 Goal of This Lesson**

- ✅ What Will We Learn
- ✅ What is Function
- ✅ Define a Function
- ✅ Invoking a Function
- ✅ Function as Expression
- ✅ Parameter and Argument
- ✅ Default Parameters
- ✅ Rest parameter
- ✅ Nested Functions
- ✅ Callback Function
- ✅ Pure Function
- ✅ Higher Order Function
- ✅ Arrow Function
- ✅ IIFE
- ✅ Call Stack
- ✅ Recursion

# Tasks

## 1. Write a Function to Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit

Create a function celsiusToFahrenheit(celsius) that converts a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Formula: (Celsius \* 9/5) + 32 = Fahrenheit

## 2. Create a Function to Find the Maximum of Two Numbers

Write a function findMax(num1, num2) that returns the larger of the two numbers. It should work for negative numbers as well.

## 3. Function to Check if a String is a Palindrome

Create a function isPalindrome(str) that checks if a given string is a palindrome (reads the same forward and backward). You can not use any string function that we have not learned in the series so far.

## 4. Write a Function to Find Factorial of a Number

Create a function factorial(n) that returns the factorial of n.
Example 5! = 5 _ 4 _ 3 _ 2 _ 1

## 5. Write a function to Count Vowels in a String

Write a function countVowels(str) that counts the number of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in a given string.

## 6. Write a Function to Capitalize the First Letter of Each Word in a Sentence

Write a function capitalizeWords(sentence) that takes a sentence and capitalizes the first letter of each word. You can use the toUpperCase() method of string to convert the lowercase to uppercase.

## 7. Use an IIFE to Print “Hello, JavaScript!”

Write an IIFE that prints "Hello, JavaScript!" to the console. Here the Second word must be supplied using paramneter and argument.

## 8. Create a Simple Callback Function

Write a function greet(name, callback), where callback prints a message using the name parameter.

## 9. Create Call Stack Execution Diagram for this flow

```js
function f1() {}
function f2() {
  f1();
}
f2();
```

## 10. Create Call Stack Execution Diagram for this flow

```js
function f1() {}
function f2() {}
function f3() {
  f1();
}
f2();
f3();
f1();
```

Commit message:

Add: Call stack execution diagram for Day-06 tasks

day-06/README.md, after:

# Day 06 - 40 Days of JavaScript

## **🎯 Goal of This Lesson**

- ✅ What Will We Learn
- ✅ What is Function
- ✅ Define a Function
- ✅ Invoking a Function
- ✅ Function as Expression
- ✅ Parameter and Argument
- ✅ Default Parameters
- ✅ Rest parameter
- ✅ Nested Functions
- ✅ Callback Function
- ✅ Pure Function
- ✅ Higher Order Function
- ✅ Arrow Function
- ✅ IIFE
- ✅ Call Stack
- ✅ Recursion

# Tasks

## 1. Write a Function to Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit

Create a function celsiusToFahrenheit(celsius) that converts a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.
Formula: (Celsius \* 9/5) + 32 = Fahrenheit

## 2. Create a Function to Find the Maximum of Two Numbers

Write a function findMax(num1, num2) that returns the larger of the two numbers. It should work for negative numbers as well.

## 3. Function to Check if a String is a Palindrome

Create a function isPalindrome(str) that checks if a given string is a palindrome (reads the same forward and backward). You can not use any string function that we have not learned in the series so far.

## 4. Write a Function to Find Factorial of a Number

Create a function factorial(n) that returns the factorial of n.
Example 5! = 5 _ 4 _ 3 _ 2 _ 1

## 5. Write a function to Count Vowels in a String

Write a function countVowels(str) that counts the number of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in a given string.

## 6. Write a Function to Capitalize the First Letter of Each Word in a Sentence

Write a function capitalizeWords(sentence) that takes a sentence and capitalizes the first letter of each word. You can use the toUpperCase() method of string to convert the lowercase to uppercase.

## 7. Use an IIFE to Print "Hello, JavaScript!"

Write an IIFE that prints "Hello, JavaScript!" to the console. Here the Second word must be supplied using paramneter and argument.

## 8. Create a Simple Callback Function

Write a function greet(name, callback), where callback prints a message using the name parameter.

## 9. Create Call Stack Execution Diagram for this flow

```js
function f1() {}
function f2() {
  f1();
}
f2();
```

## 10. Create Call Stack Execution Diagram for this flow

```js
function f1() {}
function f2() {}
function f3() {
  f1();
}
f2();
f3();
f1();
```

## Call Stack Execution Diagrams for Tasks 9 & 10

![Call Stack Execution Diagrams](task9_task10.png)
